Gwenevere Abriel: Talk with you I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: About like our text exchange, just in case there's anything that kind of went a little sideways.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's, here's what I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you know those messages I send the day before everybody. I say, Hey, everybody. Confirm who a good for tomorrow. You know, I kind of do that I try to try to do it every night before.
JESSICA G: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gone pretty good advice.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I've noticed now might not have been your intent because notice that your intent might have been one thing
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I the message received may have been something else. So I'll just tell you what the message received was and then you can tell me in real time, because you can't get all this out and attacks. It'd be like four pages long, so
Gwenevere Abriel: The message I received and it doesn't have anything to do with you specifically Jessica has to do with what I've learned over the years with appointments, whenever I see someone write me back. Oh, have it at 12 I have an appointment. What I do with it. I think to myself, yeah.
JESSICA G: I think before
Gwenevere Abriel: They won't show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I'm the message has been because if I ever assumed they would be or ask for clarification, it becomes back and forth, back and forth and back and forth and back and forth and back and forth and back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm like, Oh my gosh, I'm just
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or no, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What I did was I assumed you were trying to because some people have written just like you and the messages I told you that I had an appointment. Why did you expect me there. Now that might not have been at all what you were intending
Gwenevere Abriel: But as a consumer of people saying, Hey, I have this appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I interpreted as okay they have to go do this other thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I looked for another spot for you. And so that's what was happening on this side. Now for you. What was going on with what it was like for you around this original appointment.
JESSICA G: What. Okay, so you didn't think that I was good. You thought that I was canceling
Yes.
JESSICA G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me okay so that surprises you
JESSICA G: Yeah, because I had, I said that if we can switch, and if not, then I'll make sure to be there at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's the part that if that was in there. So this is what you wrote this, you didn't make any mistakes. We're, we're just getting clear because this can go sideways fast for clients if they don't get a chance to get clear
JESSICA G: So here's
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you know my side. Right. You know that I just assumed people are not going to show up. But let me tell you why. So you wrote a great, a great tax you said, is there any way we can switch it to 12
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to notice I have to
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to go sign some paperwork for my employment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Period. That was, that was it.
JESSICA G: Mm hmm.
So I heard
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to go sign paperwork. In other words, there was a conflicting appointment, you had made an appointment to go take care of employment.
JESSICA G: And you didn't get the second message.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so over here at 11 o'clock at night in Florida, I'm asleep.
Uh huh.
JESSICA G: Okay.
JESSICA G: Well, I don't know, I don't. Yeah, I mean,
JESSICA G: I've always showed up to my appointments. Most of the time, you know, so I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I know, I know you want to go to there, but try to hold on to just this text that's why I'm just talking about the text.
JESSICA G: And then even even still like
JESSICA G: In the morning like you read the other message right
JESSICA G: If not, so I can make sure to me 11
Gwenevere Abriel: So right then you right. Yes. No, I think LM l m k is, let me know. Please, if not so I can make sure to meet at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, then I'm up and i i see let your time probably for 23 in the morning there's I'm sure you're sleeping.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I say let's see if something opens up, I see that
Gwenevere Abriel: Much like you that are people are rescheduling the night before. There's something happening around 11 o'clock, maybe on a Wednesday. So I offer I say let's see if something opens up on Wednesday at 11 please text me if you want to be on call for full April 1 at 11
Right.
And then
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah, I mean I had someone that was going to be there today at 11 it just worked out that she couldn't make it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because she ended up going to grow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was a whole other something else. This has nothing to do with your credibility. That's what I'm wondering if what's happening for you is your credibility is being called into question. It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: This has to do with any time I've ever seen in a text when someone says, I have to go to the DMV, I have to drop my children off. I got called into work or something like what you did, which was
I need to go.
JESSICA G: Sign paperwork.
Gwenevere Abriel: The message I get
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it's a priority payment is cancel.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that makes sense.
JESSICA G: Okay. Well, for me, my meeting with you is a priority.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here's, here's what I could have done differently. And I'll really do my best to remember. But the answer is if if I had interpreted it a little differently. This is what you would have heard back. No, I have a client at 12
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what might you
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I do. I'm very booked up right now. That's why people are on call.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, what, what do you think you would have done if I just said, I'm sorry. I already have someone at 12 what like your texts have been
JESSICA G: I would have said, Okay, then I'll be there at 11
Really, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so used to not being prioritized like
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see here that now.
JESSICA G: That yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so I'm glad we're talking about it because you are you are. You're starting to really take this therapy thing seriously, aren't you
JESSICA G: Oh, yeah.
JESSICA G: I do. Yeah, I do. I really do.
Gwenevere Abriel: We do have some hard work, too. And so is there anything left with any feelings or thoughts around the text. Are we done. What do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I thought
JESSICA G: I just walked off the extra early and I got ready and I
JESSICA G: Went as early as I possibly good that made sure I made it back by 11 now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about employment. Tell me about that. What's going on with that.
JESSICA G: Um, so last week, I'm reading was
JESSICA G: I don't know. I was just
JESSICA G: I impulsively went on to indeed and looked up for
JESSICA G: her job and I applied and I put in my resume and they called me the next day.
JESSICA G: And and yeah and then. So I went to the appointment, the day after that and to the interview and then
JESSICA G: And then I went to my grandma's to go clean her house for her and my auntie. She takes care of she's her caregiver and she told me that she has extra hours that she can pick up. So if I wanted to pick them up.
JESSICA G: Which is like kind of frustrating to me because I've been telling my grandma, like, Hey, you know, like I know my auntie is unable to be there as much and
JESSICA G: I can pick up hours I can help you. Like, I still do it in either way, even if I'm not getting paid, but like she needs. She my grandma can't see anymore. My grandpa can, like, you know, it's just they need help and my auntie doesn't Billy.
JESSICA G: She just doesn't really take care of them. The way they need to be taken care of. So anyway, so that happen, and my auntie happened to be there and she told me that if I were to pick up extra hours. And I was like, okay, sure.
JESSICA G: So, um, and I was kind of bunk to because she had this packet. This whole packet of like
JESSICA G: So many pages. It's like this thick of stuff that I need to fill out and questionnaires and like little quizzes and about HIPAA
JESSICA G: And she was like, I'm I called her yesterday and I was like okay so what time do I have to be there to sign the paperwork and she was like, oh, I still have the packet and my car. I've been meaning to take it to you and
JESSICA G: So,
JESSICA G: She went and dropped it up on my grandma's and I went and picked it up and I stayed up till one in the morning, filling that out.
JESSICA G: And then
JESSICA G: And then so this morning. Actually, today.
JESSICA G: Okay, I had a discussion with my son's dad last night because I told him you know like
JESSICA G: You need to help me out like he's not just my responsibility. He's your responsibility to and ever since he was born. I've always helped us figure it out on my own. And so now you're on this idea where it's like, oh, I have to go to work. So Dr.
JESSICA G: Like you can switch some things around like get a ride from one of your co workers lend me the car for a couple of hours or can I go drop you off, like, you know, and pick you up take you the car back whenever I'm done. Like, I don't need that much time. But, you know, like
JESSICA G: You and then his excuse was well
JESSICA G: I don't have any money. Any money any family here, what do you expect me to do and why can't your family watch him. That's messed up. And whenever they ask you for favors don't do nothing for them. And I'm like, that he's not my family's responsibility.
JESSICA G: And my family have been the only ones that have helped me, you know, even when I was in California, you still didn't do anything. You didn't even financially provide for him like my mom has always done it. And I always had to figure things out on my own.
JESSICA G: And so
JESSICA G: So he called me and he was like
JESSICA G: Well, I think I'll be able to take off a few hours. So you can go do what you have to do.
JESSICA G: And so I was like, no, I already got a ride from my friend. And so my friend came and picked me up.
JESSICA G: And I was calling my auntie to ask her, like, what the exact location was and she wasn't answering and she wasn't answering. And then I got them to the place. And she was like, Oh, she said to be there at 12
JESSICA G: And I was like, she was like, I'm sorry, I just woke up, I just barely find your messages and she told me I just contacted her and she thought for you to be there at all. I was like,
JESSICA G: I'm already outside of the building. She was like, Oh no, I'm sorry. So I had to have my friend bring us back and call him back and take the help they use off for me and the whole thing like Adam, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Metallica you hung in there for it, even though that was so chaotic.
Gwenevere Abriel: You persevered. You could have thrown your hands up and you didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: What's feeling different that you decided
Gwenevere Abriel: To basically confront
JESSICA G: YOUR SON'S FATHER what what's changing what's what's going on oh no no know I just feel like
JESSICA G: Like enough like enough.
JESSICA G: You know, that's the nice like either you're in it, or you're not. That's how I feel. So I feel like that's why I started working because at the end of the day.
JESSICA G: I don't want to have to depend on him anymore. I'm tired of it. And he's
JESSICA G: just tired of it. I'm tired of it. I need to do for myself. I'm like, I know how. And so the days that I'm working with the other company.
JESSICA G: He's going to be off those days. So I'm going to pick up like the 12 HOUR SHIFTS 14 hour shifts, if I can, and then
JESSICA G: The days that I'm working with my grandparents. Well, I'm able to take my son and I made sure that was okay, you know,
JESSICA G: I mentioned I was okay with everybody. And yeah, like my grandparents love him like that when they don't see him, they get so sad. And my grandma starts crying and then mopey and then he goes over and they're happy again, you know, so
JESSICA G: So it's cool, I guess. So that's, that's what's going on. I just, it's frustrating because
JESSICA G: That's something that's been bothering me for a long time with my son status that
JESSICA G: There will be times when I'm like hey, like I need this from the store, please. He's a mate and he works maintenance and so he has the he does work or work orders.
JESSICA G: So he goes to different locations and in between locations like he's able to go to Home Depot, he's able to do other fields.
JESSICA G: So I know he's able to run to the store, which is like right around the corner from our apartment, really what I need and then go back and less than 15 minutes Albuquerque is not that big.
JESSICA G: You know, we can get around the list of 15 minutes. Yeah. And so I'm just frustrated. I'm just tired like I
JESSICA G: He just like
JESSICA G: Check file.
JESSICA G: And it's not fair. It's not fair to me. It's not fair to listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got some
Gwenevere Abriel: Some energy some real fire right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some motivated. Yeah, that's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do
JESSICA G: It's really different than
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mind was very preoccupied in fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now it doesn't look like that right now it looks like you've got this is
JESSICA G: Good boost.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of confidence and might even be propelled a little bit by resentment and anger, like I've had it.
JESSICA G: That's accurate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it was on your list of things to do. I had said it for like June.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get
Gwenevere Abriel: It right as we said it nice a nice long goal and you you possibly you're like, that's it. I'm just gonna go look it up.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
JESSICA G: You roll it.
JESSICA G: And don't get me wrong, like there were taught minutes where I was like, I can't, I can't wait. If I go out. What if I get sick, you know, okay, worst case scenario, but then I was like, Okay, I'm gonna do it because if I don't do it right now that I'm never gonna get the best to do it again.
JESSICA G: So like for the interview. I was like,
JESSICA G: Should I go, should I just not go. No, I'm going to go. Because if not, then I'm not going to do it.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You used what I call the five second rule. It looks like you put that into place.
JESSICA G: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I give myself more than five seconds. I'll talk myself out of it. The second I think in it. I just got to do it right then right now, right now, right now, right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does work. Man, I'm telling you. And if you ever yeah if you ever really are in a pinch. It's like crisis mode and you know you have to finish something get somewhere.
JESSICA G: You can
Gwenevere Abriel: You can fill it with just like counting. I know that seems really kooky but like 123123123 you can like literally bypass the messages trying to tell you all you know you're, you're going to get
Gwenevere Abriel: Sick and
Gwenevere Abriel: You can bypass it but just some little mantra, even if it's counting a few numbers.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can get the thing done or I'll be okay. I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm okay.
JESSICA G: Yeah, sorry I'm relocate again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little, little sounds. He needs to make
JESSICA G: So,
JESSICA G: So yeah alright
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's next for you, then what's next on the to do list. What do you need to do to prepare for this new new routine in the day.
JESSICA G: I don't know. I know what I need to do like physically. I have to get a copy of my driving record, but then we. These are close
JESSICA G: To go get his car insured and registered to my name because he hasn't even done that and I haven't either. So I know I have to do that. And then I have a training tomorrow for that job. And if I if I have all the paperwork, then I start this week.
JESSICA G: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll time as the training.
JESSICA G: And nine o'clock.
JESSICA G: So I'm going to wake up extra early. Get ready. Attend group and then after group. I'm going to shoot straight over. Okay. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see copy of driving of your driving record to show that you're reliable driver kind of thing.
JESSICA G: Um, yeah, yeah, basically, to make sure that I don't have any like driving violations or anything like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't it seem like you'd be able to do some of these things online like
Gwenevere Abriel: Nowadays, such a thing.
JESSICA G: Yeah, so I looked it up and I can do it online. And I'm hoping that I can just like download it maybe download a PDF of my driving record or or something and hopefully email it to them.
JESSICA G: And then as far as registering the car. I have to ensure it first. So I'm Nicola insurance company, hopefully in a little while, and then get it insured and then apply for the registration online as well and sell them be very close
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there any reason you could still go to the job training tomorrow, even if this paperwork is an all figured out tonight.
JESSICA G: Oh yeah, yeah, I'm still gonna go. I'm still gonna go even if I don't like have everything that turned into them. I'm still going to go and I'm still going to turn it in. And then as soon as I get everything like all set, that's when I'll be able to start working
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Go ahead.
JESSICA G: Oh no, I was just gonna say my goal is to get it done, hopefully today that way by Wednesday. There are Thursday. I'll be ready to nice
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, you mentioned, and it was you didn't spend a lot of time fixating on it, but I don't know, maybe there was a bigger emotional reaction to it. Your aunties unreliable Miss notice like
Gwenevere Abriel: How upsetting. Are you just kind of like, that's just the way she is. I've got to just hold her more accountable, like a call earlier calm or often sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: See her limitations REALLY SEE WHAT SHE IS AND NOT EXPECT MORE THAN WHAT SHE'S REALLY capable of, like, I don't know, what are you doing with what she did.
JESSICA G: Why it's a whole it's a whole being with her like I already obsessed over it. I because I was like What is her motive. What's their motive. Why all of a sudden
JESSICA G: You know when I've been telling them for a long time, like, Hey, you know, she's not doing what she's supposed to do, you know,
JESSICA G: And
JESSICA G: I can help you if you want that Grandma I can help you and I'll do everything that you need me to do.
JESSICA G: You know, and
JESSICA G: I made that offer. I guess my grandma talked to my auntie. And so the answer was no, that it's all that everybody's all set.
JESSICA G: So okay, so that's fine. But why all of a sudden when I'm like, Okay, I'm going to start working. And then I call my grandmother go cleaner house because my grandma asked me if I can she offered to pay me $50 if I go clean her house like once every two weeks.
JESSICA G: Nice and i mean i i'm not gonna take the money, right. I've always clean her house just to help her. Just because you know they've helped me so much and so
JESSICA G: I was thinking to myself, Why all of a sudden, like what, you know what, like I didn't trust that and she's
JESSICA G: Um, my auntie is really
JESSICA G: Hypocritical I guess you can say like she's the nicest person ever to your face.
JESSICA G: Uh huh. And then she's like really caddy and like there's, there was an incident, the other day where she called my mom.
JESSICA G: Saying stuff and it shows the whole thing.
JESSICA G: So, um, are you back.
JESSICA G: Okay.
JESSICA G: Thank you.
JESSICA G: But yeah, so
JESSICA G: There was just a nightmare motive and now it just feels like she's like like trying to sabotage me or, or, like, you know,
She ever Jennifer's
JESSICA G: Well, that's the one. It's the same empty where she remember that I told you, as she was pressing me to go get a job at that place that she worked for as a caregiver and then the job went under, and I never got paid.
JESSICA G: Yes, that's the same one.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: You still wonder whether she knew about that.
JESSICA G: Oh yeah, oh yeah, I wonder whether she knew about that. I wonder
JESSICA G: Like she knew they were having problems with the IRS she she hadn't gotten paid herself for a couple weeks and she was still telling me to go apply
JESSICA G: And I went and I applied. She helped me like, you know, get in the door and and I worked and I worked every single day and I worked hard and
JESSICA G: And then all of a sudden it's like, don't go to work. Don't go anymore. Okay.
JESSICA G: And then
JESSICA G: The payday came up and I was like, so we're supposed to get paid today, right, and then she gave me this story that didn't make sense they made no sense whatsoever.
JESSICA G: Like I was like that's not how it works like you know
JESSICA G: That's just not how it works. You don't. You don't like work for a whole month without getting paid. And then, like, you know, I don't know how to explain it.
JESSICA G: So I just, I never even said anything. I feel that I just left it alone, but I feel like that was messed up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me hear the cynic, you know the worst thing that she could be up to the way she could sabotage you let's just go there. I'm not going to tell her. You're having these thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to make sure. Like, you're not being naive, let's say, Okay, let's just air it out. What if she says, okay, grandma is going to need you here. I'm going to make a number up Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to need to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: How might that be sabotaging to you and your plans. What do you think
JESSICA G: Well,
JESSICA G: At first I was like
JESSICA G: Because she started telling me, Oh, you don't even really have to be here at that specific time. Just make sure you clock in the hours.
JESSICA G: You know, and I'm like, I'm not gonna do. I would never do that. Like, you know,
JESSICA G: And I feel like she just wants somebody else on board so that everybody else stops ragging on her because my other auntie. She's like, threatening. Like, if any, if anything ever happens to my parents.
JESSICA G: I swear, like you're going to be in so much trouble because you're the one that's supposed to be taking care of them and if
JESSICA G: Something happens to them and you're not taking care of them properly and doing what you're supposed to do. You're just collecting the check, then
JESSICA G: I'm gonna get you. And I'm gonna report you like basically like that. So at first. My idea was like, okay, is she trying to get somebody else arm.
JESSICA G: So that way you know that tension can be off of her. But then I was like, nah, I talked to my mom, I was like, Mom, you don't know your sister better than I do. What do you think is going on. And I explained to her and she was like, Oh, she just wants. She just doesn't want to not do the work.
JESSICA G: She doesn't want to do the dirty work. So you'll go and you'll clean and you'll do everything you're supposed to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And take the credit for it.
Okay.
JESSICA G: Which is fine with me. I don't care.
JESSICA G: Whatever works for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's talk a little bit about the other piece. Let's talk about the reason why you want a job to begin with. One that job, meaning money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not, not okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Simply put, why do you want a job.
JESSICA G: I want a job so that
JESSICA G: I can have money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you only work three days a week because you're doing this thing for your grandparents and you won't be making
Money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because sometimes it sounds like you might kind of just do it because their family.
Gwenevere Abriel: And on top of that you might have all this, I call it agita like tension.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your family members may come after you when your auntie throws you under the bus, like I'm joining you in your paranoia.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean, I don't know, could be or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my point is
Gwenevere Abriel: What you want is work. So if you see so
Gwenevere Abriel: What would happen just play this one out. What would happen if you worked
Gwenevere Abriel: Four or five days a week and then came over maybe when you were free and did some cleaning maybe maybe only once a week, you did a deep cleaning for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could you live with yourself. Is that something you could tolerate
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe then your auntie would step up. Maybe she would do her job or family members might guilt trip or into doing it. I have no idea the dynamics there but
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you might be making the money you need freedom.
JESSICA G: Freedom.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
JESSICA G: That could work.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is jobs that oh no we have so many patients that I need you to see.
Gwenevere Abriel: I what I wonder is, if you'll say, No, no, no. I gotta, I gotta work for my grandparents.
JESSICA G: Oh no. Okay, so my primary the primary job is going to be first premiere healthcare.
JESSICA G: That's going to be like my like my
JESSICA G: First job. I guess you can say, and so
JESSICA G: My son status off Thursday, Friday and Sunday. So those are the days that I'm going to work there.
JESSICA G: And then so all the other days I'm gonna clock in like four hours.
JESSICA G: I my grandparents okay in the morning.
JESSICA G: Or in the evening and just go spend time with them and go like, you know, a light housekeeping meal prep, all of that.
JESSICA G: And then, um,
JESSICA G: Yeah, so that's what I kind of had in mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, looking ahead, knowing that if this theory of yours is true. Is there any chart.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is used. Yeah, I mean, have you ever been. Have you ever been someplace like target on on the back of the door. It shows the person that did what at what time mop the floor. Clean the counters.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, empty the trash and then you'll see the next shift, you'll see a time and what was done the person sign your name.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when the kind of work that you're describing is there any of that kind of accountability, like I did the laundry. I did this and this and this. Is there any of that in place.
JESSICA G: I don't know. I'm gonna right now when I go take those papers to the to the
JESSICA G: To the office for this is for my grandparents.
JESSICA G: Job. I'm a mask and see if they have some kind of like spreadsheet.
JESSICA G: And if not, then I'll just make my thank you so much for that idea.
JESSICA G: I've definitely good to use it. If not, I'm gonna make my own like spreadsheet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is one of the reasons why I'm saying it is because of that earlier conversation which was
Gwenevere Abriel: My auntie might throw me under the bus. But if a family member comes by your grandparents house and they see you just cleaned. We just did the laundry.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can see it right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can even have your grant your grandparents initial it as in see it. I just want you to see that I'm not on it. Sorry, Grandma. Take a look. See, I did your laundry. If you can initial here, here and here that shows that I did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it, then it's off of you. It's not hearsay, then a family member comes by and they look around, they go, oh, this place looks good on Jessica was here I see
Gwenevere Abriel: The difference between them. When your aunties there. She'll be like, What the heck is this, she may not want to do the cleaning. She may not want to do these things. Now, someone comes by.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are only there for this time period, your grandparents signed off on it already.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now it's a mess. Well, it's not you, it's on her. It's her shift. So now I don't know idea if that's just going to piss your aunt off. I have no idea. Or if she might step up and be like, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I did the ironing. And I made food for the next three weeks and two of them are in the freezer. You know, maybe having, you know, we can
Gwenevere Abriel: hold ourselves accountable and model and then maybe on TV will want to do the same. I have no idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just a thought.
Something you think
JESSICA G: Is it bad that I hope I picked her up.
JESSICA G: I hope I make her look bad because she's wrong.
JESSICA G: She's wrong for what she's doing.
JESSICA G: Yeah, she's there for them, though she was there for them all the time she takes them everywhere they need to go. She does. She does she does her job, but um
JESSICA G: It's just sometimes she's not there when she supposed to be there or she's not there as much, or she goes out of town.
JESSICA G: For my arm.
JESSICA G: He doesn't like
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, the, the job is not to supervisor on right it's
Gwenevere Abriel: She's going to do what she's gonna do
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably doesn't want to be pointed out what she's doing wrong. So you just go in, you'll do your thing and go. That's it, but I'm excited for you.
JESSICA G: Thank you.
JESSICA G: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe your son's dad will
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe he'll step up, you know, the interesting thing when we, the more we do for our children. We actually do connect to them or they become a closer relationship. Like, do you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: So they might actually bond more
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you picture.
JESSICA G: Hopefully,
JESSICA G: Maybe he'll step up more. I just, I don't know. He didn't seem too.
JESSICA G: happy for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, to not have everything ready for him when he gets home.
JESSICA G: And then my mom can
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me.
JESSICA G: When I told my mom.
JESSICA G: And
JESSICA G: She wasn't too happy either
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about that. She thinks she should be haunting carrier, son.
JESSICA G: I don't know what her
JESSICA G: But my suspicions are that
JESSICA G: Her way of thinking is like know if she gets this job. She's going to be tied down there.
JESSICA G: And
JESSICA G: Like I feel like she's holding on to this hope that we move back to California.
Really
JESSICA G: So me getting a job is like
JESSICA G: devastating to her because it like when I thought, yes.
JESSICA G: Okay baby. No, I says. It says when I got when I enrolled into school she
JESSICA G: She freaked out. She told me so many things she told me that I'm stupid for doing that, that I'm making the wrong decision and just, you know, just
JESSICA G: So upset about it. And I'm sorry I didn't understand that was I was upset and now
JESSICA G: When I told her about the job and I heard the same tone in her voice. I told her mom.
JESSICA G: Why are you upset. I don't, I don't understand. And she's like, No, why would I be upset I'm not upset. I'm like, I can hear it in the tone of your voice.
JESSICA G: Like you, you've got the same way when I enrolled in school. And I just want to know why, why, why is that making you upset. Like, I don't want to make you upset. I want to make you proud.
JESSICA G: You know, and she was like, no, no. Everything's okay. And I heard tone kind of change and she seemed like
JESSICA G: Like that kind of made her snap out of it, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how much easier it is to say it to me. I wonder if you have hope that will end up going back to California, but how that direct question you may not have asked your mama.
Gwenevere Abriel: weirdo.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the, what's the difference between, why are you why did you change your tone. That's the same tone as when I went to school versus mom were you holding out some hope that maybe you and I would live together back in California. What's the difference between those two.
JESSICA G: I don't know what I think that I just
JESSICA G: I already know she's gonna say
Gwenevere Abriel: What's she gonna say
JESSICA G: She's gonna deny it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to be lied to.
Gwenevere Abriel: And one of them. She's gonna she's gonna she's gonna have to lie to you and you do not like that.
JESSICA G: No, I don't like for her to like guests like me.
JESSICA G: And make me
JESSICA G: Feel like or make me out to be the one the crazy one and
JESSICA G: I'm just making things up, you know,
JESSICA G: Like I could say the same thing about her like lately I've been wanting to
JESSICA G: Tell her like mom like, I need you.
JESSICA G: I really wish you were here.
JESSICA G: What i don't know i don't
JESSICA G: I don't, because
JESSICA G: There's no reason to anymore.
JESSICA G: It's never gonna happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just get if she somehow miraculously does himself gross. I think you'd recognize the change to be more honest, the way she talks, she asked direct question she would answer direct questions. You don't answer a live question with a why question.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you'd recognize an honest issue if you saw it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's part of the reason why
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I did that weird thing about talking about the text message like what's going to cause problem why we obsessing over the text.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything you and I do from a text. How long a text takes all of your communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is therapeutic. It could be at my client, you
Like value.
Gwenevere Abriel: An honest response, maybe more than someone who didn't, you know, if they didn't grow up with with a parent that sending mixed messages this text, they'd be like, why are we talking about this. What are you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: But for someone who grew up with a parent who sends them like three messages at the same time, like, what, what am I don't know how I'm supposed to feel right now I'm gonna go cuckoo.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I wanted to be really clear. I wanted to tell you honestly what my brain was doing, how I filter it
Gwenevere Abriel: Not having nothing to do with your credibility, but having to do with this is how I interpreted. Three years later, having worked with people from Breitbart health and 14 years. Having worked in felony drug court. What do I. What's my filter.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I came about that long before I met you, my filter. Something to do with you. Okay. And for you because right that kind of information coming in and you never get a chance to get clear eat that get clear information I want I wanted in here for us to have that opportunity.
JESSICA G: Yeah, that was, that was pretty satisfying like I felt like it was a satisfying feeling for me like having that conversation with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice what Jessica how quickly, at least, it felt quick for me. Once we talked about the facts and the fact that, like, here's my worldview and here's yours and oh yeah I could see how you see it that way. And I can see how you'd see it that way, then you and I were done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then it's done.
JESSICA G: Really, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we could then we moved on to other things. So
My broccoli.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that you would end up feeling crazy your or gasoline more if you ask a direct question because watch how it might look, you know, Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: The meaning watch the meeting I make out of this time that I hear about getting this job so familiar to when I went to school. It makes me wonder, do you still hold out hope that maybe when I will live together Monte you miss me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Now he might say, Oh, you're being ridiculous, what kind of doctor asked her parents that kind of question.
Gwenevere Abriel: On it, right, a non, answer, answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something wrong with you. What kind of, what kind of daughter asked her. Oh, that's ridiculous. What kind of mother wouldn't want their daughter to succeed as a good one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
JESSICA G: That's what
JESSICA G: That's what boggles my mind and why
JESSICA G: What
JESSICA G: I don't know, just her thought process. Like, why is she upset about me making steps for my life like
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're not going to get a straight answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Asking why questions. So the difference between the way I'm doing it is, it's a it's a direct content driven question. Mom, do you miss me
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom, you sometimes think about hoping that you and I might live in in California again.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're ready. If you've really accepted the fact that she's going to do some dancing around
Questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: At least one of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is really being genuine and honest and you were asking her why questions anyway. Did you notice that why mom, I noticed your tongue is that you are asking her why questions in general, I will tell you this word why
Gwenevere Abriel: It's only recently that I really incorporated it into my language. I stopped using it for years.
Gwenevere Abriel: I stopped.
JESSICA G: Wow. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I stopped using should I stopped using why completely. I just detox completely
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to see what what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really interesting things happened. The people that I was talking to or less defensive
Gwenevere Abriel: When I asked someone. Why, what they do is they're in a position of having to defend
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I have to defend myself. Like, is there something wrong with what I do. Why do you ask the why. What do you mean what we what people are asked her why question they tend to get defensive
Gwenevere Abriel: It look. Look at the difference, instead of why as if mom has to defend herself, but more like you're sharing
Gwenevere Abriel: The Thai recognize the tone. Mom, it's kind of similar. And you're asking a
JESSICA G: Question mark to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do kind of miss us being in California together kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a closed ended question is a yes or it's a no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, she's a master at it like most people are if they're any good at.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they'll say something like, what kind of daughter would ask them, of course, I want to live with you. Of course I miss you and I get that.
JESSICA G: But you have to shoot thank
Gwenevere Abriel: You yes i'm i know i know i'm very well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But you got to ask your direct question.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're saying out loud. The meaning that you're making out of that tone. There's no mystery anymore for her. She, she knows exactly what meaning is going on for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's no mystery. You're saying it mom to kind of wish we were back in in California together to ever think about that is that kind of like the stream thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said it. You are honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: She gets defensive okay but didn't ask a why question. You are just sharing the
Gwenevere Abriel: Meeting you made out of her tone. You have a right
Gwenevere Abriel: To your own interpretation of things.
JESSICA G: And now she knows how I feel, or what I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
JESSICA G: My
JESSICA G: I feel the same way, though.
JESSICA G: I feel the same way, like I
JESSICA G: I hope that maybe one day she'll
JESSICA G: Come to her senses.
JESSICA G: Can be with your kids.
JESSICA G: And get out of that toxic relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one member I was telling you about the
Gwenevere Abriel: The fundamental pieces that we do, we, we have to completely let go of the fantasy that our parents will ever change. I mean, really, like,
JESSICA G: Your
Gwenevere Abriel: You get really close to it, but with your questions right
Gwenevere Abriel: You haven't really completely let go of hope.
JESSICA G: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, this is how I met you. Right. I met you. You were like you were moving a group and you're like, well, I'll try and fit you in, you know, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, take a lunch break.
Gwenevere Abriel: All over the road you're trying to squeeze this this program into your life and you were busy moving to growth and that's how I met you.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
JESSICA G: And it sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: You felt you felt that spark again and you went with it.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
JESSICA G: I don't want to cry.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm so excited. And look at the university immediately took you right back in. Right. Media. Soon as you
Gwenevere Abriel: Even put your little talk there immediately said
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes.
JESSICA G: And there's something that I really enjoyed doing like once I got
JESSICA G: To experience like the caregiving part the caretaking part
JESSICA G: I really liked it.
JESSICA G: I did. I like you know being
JESSICA G: Lot person for them, you know, and then the ones that I got were alone, like all their family had passed away and and
JESSICA G: I really liked being there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost like like being needed
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't tell it.
JESSICA G: Yeah, yeah. That's so true. Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're so sweet. You know, they're so grateful to to have you around to see your smile just to have the companionship. I mean, it feels so good to be wanted
JESSICA G: Yeah. Yep. And
Gwenevere Abriel: Girl, you need that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do. So what
JESSICA G: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's nothing wrong. Don't get up because guess what should they feel bad about meeting, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, they're they're older or they're, they're, you know, they're isolated and their families off live in their lives and blah, blah, blah. It's a perfect match. No one need feel bad about it. It's perfect match. You know how to appreciate their sweetness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they need
Gwenevere Abriel: Your generosity and your care and you're helpful and your orientation to detail and they need you and you need them.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to get some won't. We won't call it love, but guess what it feels like it. I'm needed on cared for and they get to feel cared for. So it's a great, it's a win win.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're so vulnerable goodness it's like their children. Again, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chica. So what are we meeting again.
JESSICA G: Um,
JESSICA G: I would say Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Monday, stick with same time
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you'll let me know as things evolve. Try to keep me in your schedule, like, Oh, I gotta talk to Gwen about making a change if something needs to change. Okay. As soon as you can.
JESSICA G: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so
Will I see you tomorrow morning.
JESSICA G: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic. Well,
JESSICA G: Oh, also, I had a question. Um,
JESSICA G: Whoa. So tomorrow. I probably
JESSICA G: Won't be able to pick up my prescription until later on in the day. Okay. And so I
JESSICA G: Have it up for today.
JESSICA G: My few like leftover pieces.
JESSICA G: And so I probably need like a dose for tomorrow. Just so I like can be set and won't have anything to worry about. You know where the training and everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want me to message. I think she's like online now loving a message or something right now.
JESSICA G: Yes, please.
JESSICA G: If she can give me a dope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, sure. I got it. Here we go. Um,
For tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: You I'm writing can't. Whoops.
JESSICA G: That I can pick up today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Order one dose now so she can pick it up today as she
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be allowed, say, I can change it. I won't hit send. Tell you tell me, she'll be
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, getting up early to make it to 7am group and then quickly off to job training.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
JESSICA G: Like
JESSICA G: The rest of the day. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go. Training with no time to get script.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And, and then, you know, she can order one for the rest of you know later on I think she'll get it. Hopefully you don't get to see her today at 1pm group. She has a question. I can clarify it. But she should get this with note.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: He has no you have no time to get the script in the morning there that gets it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see if she does.
JESSICA G: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. OK.
JESSICA G: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Be good to you.
JESSICA G: Thank you. Bye bye.